# Evaluation

Our automated techniques were evaluated by 20 evaluators. The editor used during the evaluation is currently available [here](http://sd-35000.dedibox.fr/pcmgwt/).
The results show that the precision of our automated techniques is about 93%.

## Structure of the folder
* config_files : Define the parameters for the variability extraction (see section _configuration file syntax_ for details)
* __input/models__ : PCM models generated by the Wikipedia parser
* input/html: HTML representation of the models in input/models
* input/source_code: MediaWiki code of Wikipedia PCMs
* output/models: PCM models generated by our automated techniques for formalizing PCMs (VariabilityExtractor)
* output/html: HTML representation of the models in output/models
* 0-todo.txt: List of Wikipedia pages that we need to check if they contain a PCM and if they can be parsed correctly.
* 1-pcm.txt: List of Wikipedia pages that are configured for variability extraction.
* __2-evaluated-pcms.txt__: List of PCMs that were evaluated
* Comparison_of_portable_media_players.pcm: Model generated from the example PCM
* code_pcm_media_players.txt: MediaWiki code of the example PCM 
* eval_new_concepts.csv: raw results of the concepts created by our evaluators
* __eval_new_concepts_analysed.ods__: analyzed results of the concepts created by our evaluators
* eval_results.csv: raw results of our evaluation
* __eval_results_analysis.ods__: analyzed results of our evaluation
* stats.csv: stats on the 75 evaluated PCMs
* stats_analyzed.ods: analyzed stats of the 75 PCMs
* __training-set.txt__: PCMs used for developing and optimizing our automated techniques


## Configuration file syntax
A configuration file consists in a list of properties : ```<property-name>=<value>```.


By default, the properties are applied to all the matrices included in the PCM. To define properties for a specific matrix, you can precede them by this kind of instruction: ```for "<matrix-name>":```. 
This instruction also means that the previous properties are ignored for this matrix.

### Properties
* ignored (Boolean): ignore the matrix.
* ignore-rows (List of integers): ignore the rows specified by their index (starts with 0).
* ignore-columns (List of integers): same for columns.
* header-rows (Integer): specify the number of top rows that are headers.
* header-columns (Integer): specify the number of left columns that are headers.
* inverted (Boolean): consider that the features are represented by lines and products by columns.

### Value types
* Boolean: _true_ or _false_
* Integer: any number
* List: a list of quoted strings separated by comas, the whole being enclosed by curly braces (e.g. _{"foo", "bar", "42"}_).

### Default values
```
ignored=false
ignore-rows={}
ignore-columns={}
header-rows=1
header-columns=1
inverted=false
```

### Example
As an example, we will consider a PCM with 3 matrices named "Normal", "Useless" and "Specific". If we apply the configuration file below, the "Useless" matrix will be ignored. 
The "Normal" matrix will have 2 rows and 3 columns as headers. The lines 42 and 43 and the columns 6 and 7 will be ignored.
Finally, in the "Specific" matrix the rows will be considered as features, and the columns as products. Moreover, there will be only 1 row and 1 column as headers.



```
header-rows=2
header-columns=3
ignore-rows={"42","73"}
ignore-columns={"6","7"}

for "Useless":
ignored=true

for "Specific":
inverted=true

```
